---
layout: post
title:  "idk cuh"
date:   2024-12-14 12:32:45 +0100
categories: boo
---

# Q for med
> Questions for meds




I'll create challenging multiple choice questions based on the document about the knee anatomy and biomechanics. Each question will have 5 options with only one correct answer.

1. During knee flexion, the displacement of the menisci is:
a) Equal between medial and lateral menisci, both moving 6mm posteriorly
b) Equal between medial and lateral menisci, both moving 12mm posteriorly
c) The lateral meniscus moves 6mm posteriorly while the medial moves 12mm posteriorly
d) The medial meniscus moves 6mm posteriorly while the lateral moves 12mm posteriorly
e) Neither meniscus moves during flexion

2. Regarding the popliteus muscle's anatomical course, which statement is correct?
a) It remains entirely outside the joint capsule throughout its course
b) It enters the capsule after passing the medial meniscus
c) It enters the capsule while remaining outside the synovium between the lateral collateral ligament and lateral meniscus
d) It passes through both the capsule and synovium before reaching its tibial insertion
e) It remains entirely within the joint capsule throughout its course

3. The rolling-to-sliding ratio of the femoral condyles during knee flexion:
a) Remains constant throughout the movement
b) Starts with pure sliding and ends with pure rolling
c) Is identical between medial and lateral condyles
d) Starts with pure rolling and progressively shifts to more sliding
e) Only involves sliding without any rolling component

4. Which statement about the posterior cruciate ligament is correct?
a) It consists of two main bands like the anterior cruciate ligament
b) The anterolateral band inserts most posteriorly on the tibia
c) It includes four bands: posteromedial, anterolateral, Humphrey, and Wrisberg
d) The Wrisberg ligament connects the posterior horn of the medial meniscus to the femur
e) It becomes most relaxed during knee flexion

5. Regarding active knee flexion, which is accurate?
a) It reaches 160° regardless of hip position
b) It reaches 140° when the hip is extended and 120° when flexed
c) It reaches 120° when the hip is extended and 140° when flexed
d) It reaches equal ranges regardless of hip position
e) It reaches 160° only when the hip is neutral

6. The physiological valgus angle of the knee is:
a) 160-165°
b) 170-175°
c) 175-180°
d) 155-160°
e) 180-185°

7. Which statement about the lateral collateral ligament is correct?
a) It attaches to the capsule throughout its entire course
b) It inserts on the anterior aspect of the fibular styloid process
c) It's free from the capsule along its entire course
d) It blends with the capsule at its femoral attachment
e) It shares insertion with the biceps femoris tendon

8. In the position of reference for knee extension:
a) No further passive extension is possible
b) 15-20° of passive extension is possible
c) 5-10° of passive extension is possible
d) Only active extension beyond reference is possible
e) 20-25° of passive extension is possible


Here are 10 more challenging multiple choice questions based on the knee anatomy document:

9. The primary role of the infrapatellar pad is:
a) To provide cushioning during knee extension
b) To act as a 'stopgap' in the anterior compartment and spread during flexion
c) To connect the menisci to each other
d) To provide attachment for the cruciate ligaments
e) To lubricate the patellofemoral joint

10. Which statement about the medial tibial plateau is correct?
a) It is convex superiorly with a 70mm radius of curvature
b) It is flat superiorly
c) It is concave superiorly with a 70mm radius of curvature
d) It is concave superiorly with an 80mm radius of curvature
e) It is convex superiorly with an 80mm radius of curvature

11. The mechanical axis of the lower limb forms what angle with the anatomical axis of the femur?
a) 170 degrees
b) 10 degrees
c) 8 degrees
d) 6 degrees
e) 4 degrees

12. During axial rotation of the knee, what happens to the cruciate ligaments?
a) Medial rotation relaxes both cruciates
b) Lateral rotation stretches the anterior cruciate and relaxes the posterior
c) Medial rotation stretches the anterior cruciate and relaxes the posterior
d) Lateral rotation relaxes both cruciates
e) Both rotations stretch both cruciates equally

13. The quadriceps femoris muscle has an active cross-sectional area of:
a) 128 cm²
b) 138 cm²
c) 148 cm²
d) 158 cm²
e) 168 cm²

14. Regarding automatic rotation of the knee:
a) It occurs only during active movements
b) The leg rotates laterally during knee flexion
c) It can be voluntarily prevented
d) The leg rotates laterally during knee extension
e) It only occurs in passive movements

15. The passive axial rotation of the knee can be measured:
a) In standing position with knee extended
b) In prone position with knee extended
c) In supine position with knee flexed
d) In prone position with knee flexed
e) In sitting position with knee extended

16. Which statement about the menisci's shape is correct?
a) Both menisci are C-shaped
b) Both menisci are O-shaped
c) The medial is O-shaped and the lateral is C-shaped
d) The lateral is O-shaped and the medial is C-shaped
e) Both are semicircular

17. During knee extension, the anterior cruciate ligament is:
a) More horizontal than the posterior cruciate
b) More vertical than the posterior cruciate
c) Parallel to the posterior cruciate
d) Completely relaxed
e) At the same tension as in flexion

18. The range of active knee flexion when the hip is extended is:
a) 160 degrees
b) 140 degrees
c) 130 degrees
d) 120 degrees
e) 110 degrees


Here are 10 more challenging multiple choice questions based on the knee anatomy document:

19. What happens to the menisci during lateral rotation of the knee?
a) Both menisci move anteriorly
b) Both menisci move posteriorly
c) The lateral meniscus moves anteriorly and the medial moves posteriorly
d) The lateral meniscus moves posteriorly and the medial moves anteriorly
e) The menisci remain stationary

20. The femoral insertion of the medial collateral ligament is located:
a) On the anterior aspect of the medial condyle
b) On the postero-superior aspect of the medial condyle
c) On the inferior aspect of the medial condyle
d) On the antero-superior aspect of the medial condyle
e) Directly on the medial epicondyle

21. The vastus intermedius muscle originates from:
a) The greater trochanter and lateral lip of linea aspera
b) The anterior inferior iliac spine
c) The anterior and lateral surfaces of the femoral shaft
d) The intertrochanteric line
e) The medial lip of linea aspera

22. Pure rolling of the femoral condyles during initial knee flexion occurs for:
a) 10-15° in both condyles
b) 20° in both condyles
c) 10-15° medially and 20° laterally
d) 20° medially and 10-15° laterally
e) 5° in both condyles

23. The patella's primary function is to:
a) Prevent hyperextension of the knee
b) Increase the efficiency (power) of the quadriceps
c) Protect the anterior aspect of the knee joint
d) Guide the direction of knee extension
e) Stabilize the knee during rotation

24. The Wrisberg ligament:
a) Connects the anterior horn of the lateral meniscus to the femur
b) Is part of the anterior cruciate ligament complex
c) Connects the posterior horn of the lateral meniscus to the medial femoral condyle
d) Links the two anterior horns of the menisci
e) Connects the posterior horn of the medial meniscus to the femur

25. The quadriceps femoris muscle can shorten by a distance of:
a) 6 cm
b) 7 cm
c) 8 cm
d) 9 cm
e) 10 cm

26. The mechanical axis of the lower limb:
a) Corresponds to the anatomical axis throughout its length
b) Only corresponds to the anatomical axis in the femur
c) Only corresponds to the anatomical axis in the leg
d) Never corresponds to the anatomical axis
e) Corresponds to the anatomical axis only at the knee joint

27. The ligamentum patellae:
a) Runs perfectly vertical from patella to tibia
b) Runs slightly obliquely inferiorly and medially
c) Runs slightly obliquely inferiorly and laterally
d) Runs horizontally from patella to tibia
e) Changes its orientation during knee flexion

28. During passive knee flexion, the maximum range of motion is:
a) 120 degrees
b) 140 degrees
c) 150 degrees
d) 160 degrees
e) 180 degrees






ANSWERS (DO NOT LOOK UNTIL YOU'VE ATTEMPTED THE QUESTIONS):


1. d
2. c
3. d
4. c
5. c
6. b
7. c
8. c
9. b
10. d
11. d
12. c
13. c
14. d
15. d
16. d
17. b
18. d
19. c
20. b
21. c
22. c
23. b
24. c
25. c
26. c
27. c
28. d
